[music]
OK, because we are about to show
the Dragon's Breath cartridges, the last one in stoves, and we have
the most virile person we know, in John, to do it. John, can you hear us? - If
- Are you ready? - Ready
3..2..1 .. [explosion] [laughter]
[music]
What happens if you need a fire?
[blast] [laughter]
Fantastic!
3 .. 2 .. 1 .. Fire
- The mother of the guy. - This is awesome.
Aah, that's the firing right there.
Look at this. - Oh, nano.
3..2..1 ...
OK, men's time playing with fire is over.
It's up to you to become smarter every day. So I got a document
Made by the Department of Energy of the United States in 1984, which speaks of pyrophoricity
of Zircaloy zirconia. This is important because that is what you use
to Dragon's Breath cartridges. This is a different hair from the usual ammunition of the flares, which he uses
Magnesium or phosphorus if you are American, or bari salts if you are Chinese
or Russian. So this document really reveals
how to swing the zirconium Right down here on the page
19, there is a graph that shows how the ignition temperature
in degrees centigrade is a logarithmic function of the specific area,
which is the outer surface of the zirconium particle
in relation to its mass. So, basically, as the particle
It gets smaller, it gets much easier at the ignition temperature.
So you can see here that it is inversely proportional.
Well, and why do we care about that? Well, it's just interesting.
Another thing that is interesting about zirconium is, well, in the periodic table it is
It is a bit like hafni here, it looks like some of the features.
Something that is clear about the zirconium is that it happens completely
of neutrons The neutrons cross it through the right, and practically does not absorb,
which makes it very interesting for the nuclear industry.
He also reacts very little about what he does
to corrosives, so it is used as a container for fuels
of nuclear reactors. The reason is that the neutrons go through and what
the energy is not absorbed. This is interesting until
You have an accident like Fukushima, and when you start at
increase the temperature, as we have seen in that table before,
you start to have some reactions. How can you see it here
One of the secondary products of the reaction is hydrogen,
often gas. This is what happened in Fukushima. Hydrogen gas was created
When the zirconium began to warm up, and to react, and that
is what detonated. This detonated and caused all kinds
of problems Anyway, now you are smarter every day
and if you would like to help me, I would appreciate it if you would like to pass this on to some of your intelligent colleagues
or people who like guns, and see if you can help me get some
subscribers I would really appreciate it. Spend a good day. Bye.
[Transcribed by Andrew Jackson: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)
Subtitles in different languages ​​are welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help.